
What was discussed in the last meeting?
	Discussion last week was on the following points:
		1) Create a presentation on SORT, Kalman Filter, and KalmanNet.
		2) Understand the dataset and try to run it on KalmanNet.
		3) Create obsidian files and GitHub repository for the code.

Today's Meeting Minutes:
	Today, following points were discussed:
		1) Discussing during the presentation on KF, SORT, and KalmanNet.
		2) In KF, the covariance matrices have to be defined properly but in KalmanNet, they are learned from the data itself.
		3) In SORT, during the association process, a matrix of tracks and detections is created with their IOU distances and Hungarian algorithm is used to find the shortest distance and associate tracks with detections.
		4) The most important task is to create a proper dataset using KalmanNet-Dataset repo.
		5) Once dataset is created, train the KalmanNet (both architectures 1 and 2).
		6) Do experimentation. Document it on obsidian.
		7) Go through the GitHub code on KalmanNet-Dataset and KalmanNet TSP-main and document the code as well on obsidian (inputs, working, outputs, etc.).
		8) Share the GitHub repo details.
		9) First, try experimentation and document the results. Later, go through the documents and code collated by the previous student, just for reference.

TODO for coming week: 
	As discussed, the major action items for the coming week are:
		1) Experimentation with the dataset creation and training the KalmanNet and its documentation on Obsidian.
